title:CSISP;addr:csisp.projxon.repl.co
html CSISP   CSISP – What is it?  CSISP stands for Client-Server Information Share Protocol. It is a protocol that makes it easy for clients and servers to share information between each other. It also allows for server to server and client to client information sharing. This protocol unlike most is not TCP based yet it is fast and effiecient. This protocol is much easier to parse than http because it has something to denote the end of the message (blank line). This also allows multiple messages to be sent at once unlike HTTP.       As you can see, it provides many advantages over HTTP. More...  Basic Syntax  CSISP:[version] [Message Type] [info block] [Headers]  [Body (formatted with no \n)] <empty space>   Message Types  Request  Asks for inforation. Quetion or resource it wants is shown on the info block.  Return  Returns information. Ussually in responce to a Request question or resource that it is in reponce to is on the info block. Return value is in the body  Report  Reports information. Information type or short description is in the info block. Information itself is in body  Run  Runs the code in the body. Code language is in the info block.  Resource  *ONLY FOR STATIC RESOURCES Sends the specified resource to the reciever. Works similar to Return except a request is not needed to send this. ONLY FOR STATIC RESOURCES. This is the type of resource that is more likely to be  cached.  Error  Reports Errors. Error shown on the info block. Message that caused it is in the body (not full message, only the second line)  Delete  Requests to delete a resource.  Create  This method will ask to create the resource specified in the info block with the value of the body.  Edit  Requests to edit a resource.  Live  This mehod sends live information for video or audio. For video, server will continuously send images and the client will continue to see the same image until a new one is recieved, thus compatcting videos. For audio sound info will be constanly sent and it will stay playing the same sound at the same volume until new info is recived.   Standard Headers  Content-Length  Recommended if there is a body.    Tells the length of the body  Content-Type  Recommended if there is a body.    Tells the type(s) of information that is in the body  Date  Tells the reciever he date and time  Encoding  Recommened if there is a body that is encoded. Tells the reciever the encoding of the body  Accept-Encoding  Tells what encodings are acceptable by the sender. 