{"link": "https://apple.com/", "base": "apple.com", "scheme": "https", "description": "", "viewport": "width=device-width, initial-scale=1, viewport-fit=cover", "charset": "utf-8", "safety": 1, "images": [], "videos": [], "time-of-indexing": 1634508068.219186, "title": "Apple", "text": "Apple Apple Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag + Cancel We look forward to welcoming you to our stores. Whether you shop in a store or shop online, our Specialists can help you buy the products you love. Unleashed. Watch the Apple Event tomorrow at 10 a.m. PDT. Learn more New Apple Watch Series 7 Full screen ahead. Learn more Buy iPhone 13 Pro Oh. So. Pro. Learn more Buy iPhone 13 Your new superpower. Learn more Buy Apple Fitness plus Now with Pilates, Group Workouts 1, and guided Meditation. Learn more Try it free 2 iPad mini Mega power. Mini sized. Learn more Buy iMac Say hello. Learn more Buy Apple Card Get up to 3% Daily Cash back with every purchase. Learn more Apply now Apple TV plus Blush Inspired by an epic true love story. Stream now Apple Footer 1. SharePlay coming soon. An Apple Fitness+ subscription is required for all participants in a SharePlay Group Workout. \u200b\u200bApple Fitness+ requires iOS 14.3 or later, iPadOS 14.3 or later, watchOS 7.2 or later, and tvOS 14.3 or later. To get the newest features, use Apple Fitness+ with Apple Watch Series 3 or later, with watchOS 8 paired with iPhone 6s or later with iOS 15, iPad with iPadOS 15, Apple TV 4K or Apple TV HD with tvOS 15. 2. $9.99/month after free trial. No commitment. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. To access and use all the features of Apple Card, you must add Apple Card to Wallet on an iPhone or iPad with the latest version of iOS or iPadOS. Update to the latest version by going to Settings > General > Software Update. Tap Download and Install. Available for qualifying applicants in the United States. Apple Card is issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch. Learn more about how Apple Card applications are evaluated at support.apple.com/kb/HT209218. Apple TV+ is $4.99/month after free trial. One subscription per Family Sharing group. Offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. Shop and Learn Open Menu Close Menu Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music AirPods HomePod iPod touch AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Services Open Menu Close Menu Apple Music Apple TV+ Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Arcade iCloud Apple One Apple Card Apple Books Apple Podcasts App Store Account Open Menu Close Menu Manage Your Apple ID Apple Store Account iCloud.com Apple Store Open Menu Close Menu Find a Store Shop Online Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Apple Store App Refurbished and Clearance Financing Apple Trade In Order Status Shopping Help For Business Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for College For Healthcare Open Menu Close Menu Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone For Government Open Menu Close Menu Shop for Government Shop for Veterans and Military Apple Values Open Menu Close Menu Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Racial Equity and Justice Supplier Responsibility About Apple Open Menu Close Menu Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. United States Copyright \u00a9 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map", "favicon": "https://apple.com/favicon.ico", "addr": "apple.com"}